{\rtf1\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255 ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;}{\*\defchp \f1}{\*\listoverridetable}{\stylesheet {\ql\f1 Normal;}{\*\cs1\f1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs2\sbasedon1\f1 Line Number;}{\*\cs3\ul\f1\cf1 Hyperlink;}{\*\ts4\tsrowd\f1\ql\trautofit1\tscellpaddfl3\tscellpaddl108\tscellpaddfr3\tscellpaddr108\tsvertalt\cltxlrtb Normal Table;}{\*\ts5\tsrowd\sbasedon4\f1\ql\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\trautofit1\tscellpaddfl3\tscellpaddl108\tscellpaddfr3\tscellpaddr108\tsvertalt\cltxlrtb Table Simple 1;}}\nouicompat\splytwnine\htmautsp\sectd\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa240{\f1\cf2 To Whom It May Concern:}\f1\par\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa240{\f1\cf2 I am pleased to write this letter of recommendation on behalf of Mr. Niles Skinner. Niles has worked for Ventura Tattoo since January 2014 as the lead piercer. During that time Niles had demonstrated excellent leadership and communication skills. His ability to effectively communicate the entire piercing procedure and healing process to customers as well as answer questions is exceptional. }\f1\par\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa240{\f1\cf2 Niles is highly skilled, trained and highly knowledgeable. He continues to educate himself on new procedures and policies. Niles has established good relationships with his colleagues as well as built lasting relationships with customers. The personal undivided attention he gives to each and every customer is exceptional and makes them feel completely comfortable. }\f1\par\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa240{\f1\cf2 Niles is extremely knowledgeable in all areas of the piercing business. He has made a positive impact on my business and has been a true asset. I am saddened to see him go, however I am confident in his performance and know he will make a strong impact on whomever is fortunate enough to have him at their place of business. }\f1\par\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa240{\f1\cf2 If you have any further questions or require further information please feel free to contact me. }\f1\par\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa240{\f1\cf2 Sincerely, }\f1\par\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa240{\f1\cf2 David Rhoden}\f1\par\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa240{\f1\cf2 Owner Ventura Tattoo}\f1\par\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa240{\f1\cf2 805-901-2098}\f1\par}